# Authentication and Authorization

## Run the Redirect Server
To run the authorization code server, execute the following command:

```bash
python ./redirect_server.py
```

To verify that the server is functioning, you can use a browser to check availability or use the following command line:
```bash  
curl http://localhost:8080
```

## Run the Login Script 
Execute the following command to run the login script:

```bash
python ./token_login_authorize.py -i <identity-url> -a <identity-oidc-app> -c <client-id> -s <client-secret> -psi <policy-store-id-id-token> -psa <policy-store-id-access-token> -region <region>
```

* **identity-url** - for example https://<tenant-id>.my.dev.idaptive.app
* **identity-oidc-app** - for example `AVPCyberArk`. The OIDC application name that is registered in CyberArk Identity.
* **client-id** -  The client ID is a unique identifier for the application requesting access. 
For example, 12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012. 
The user is authenticated via the identity provider (IDP). 
The flow will redirect to CyberArk Identity to authenticate the user. 
After successful authentication, the user will be redirected to the redirect server at localhost:5000.
* **client-secret** - for example "my secret". It's a secret key that is used to authenticate the client application 
 to the identity provider (the client is not the user). 
* **policy-store-id-id-token** - for example 12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012. 
The policy store ID for the ID token, should be taken from the previous step, we created the policy stores. 
* **policy-store-id-access-token** - for example 12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012. 
The policy store ID for the Access token, should be taken from the previous step, we created the policy stores. 

* **region** - for example us-east-2

More information on OpenID Connect Flow can be found [here](https://docs.cyberark.com/identity/Latest/en/Content/Developer/oidc/about-openidconnect.htm?tocpath=Developer%20resources%7CUse%20OpenID%20Connect%7C_____0)

## Get the Authorization Code
1. The login will open a browser and authenticate with the user and password provided.
2. CyberArk Identity will redirect (after successful login) to the redirect server.
3. The redirect server will display the authorization code you received from CyberArk Identity
4. Copy the authorization code and paste it into the token script.
5. The token script will exchange the authorization code for an access token or id token.

## Authorize with Amazon Verified Permissions

1. The script will get the ID and Access token from CyberArk Identity.
2. It presents the claims in the token.
```
{'Department': 'Customer',
 'app_id': 'AVPCyberArk',
 'aud': '1299a5ff-b2da-4f47-83c2-46d531809f48',
 'auth_time': 1718276694,
 'exp': 1718300144,
 'family_name': 'John',
 'given_name': 'Doe',
 'groups': [System Administrator',
            'Customer',
            'Everybody'],
 'iat': 1718282144,
 'iss': 'https://<tenant-id>.my.dev.idaptive.app/AVPCyberArk/',
 'name': 'John Doe',
 'project_list': ['Alpha', 'Lion', 'Eagle', 'Bob'],
 'roles': [System Administrator',
            'Customer',
            'Everybody'],
 'scope': 'openid profile',
 'session_boolean': True,
 'session_config_json': {'session_idle': 30, 'timeout': 120},
 'session_time_long': 92233720368547760,
 'sub': '78fef19d-924a-4b73-a01d-8108bf8652d8',
 'unique_name': 'john.doe@waseem.test'}
```
3. It invokes the authorization of Amazon Verified Permissions to the specific Policy Store.
4. Amazon will return an allow/deny permission according to the policies. 
5. The script will display the result of the authorization for ID token and Access token.

The output will be:
```commandline
Authorizing with ID Token...
Authorization decision: ALLOW
Authorizing with Access Token...
Authorization decision: ALLOW
```
